How to install EventML?


We should support the following systems:
  - Ubuntu 10.10 (32 bits)
  - Ubuntu 11.04 (64 bits)
  - Windows XP (32 bits)
  - Windows 7 (32 and 64 bits)


Requirements for a Linux installation:
  - MLton: to compile EventML.
  - mllex and mlyacc: to compile EventML (provided by MLton).
  - gmp: to compile EventML (multi precision library).
  - latex: to compile the documentation.
  - rubber: to compile the documentation.
  - imagemagick: to compile the documentation (to generate the images).


On Linux:

  - Emacs is required.  Best is to get at least v23.1.

  - Run the package.sh script.  This is going to generate a .tar.gz
    archive in '../'.

  - Untar the archive and run './configure; make; make install'.  (You
    need to be root to run 'make install'.)  Alternatively, you can use
    the '--prefix' option on './configure' to install EventML at a
    different location than the "usual" one.


On Windows (this explanation assumes that you know very little Emacs):

  - Emacs is required.  The latest version can be downloaded at the
    following location:
      http://ftp.gnu.org/gnu/emacs/windows/emacs-23.3-bin-i386.zip

    Once it has been downloaded, just unzip it wherever you want.

  - Try to run Emacs by either using the Windows GUI going to the
    location where you unzipped Emacs, then going into the 'bin'
    directory, and finally clicking the 'emacs' executable.
    (If it fails, try a second time, who knows...)
    Or you can start a Windows command prompt, using 'dir' go to the
    location where you unzipped Emacs, then to the 'bin' directory and
    then run Emacs by typing 'emacs' and then hitting the 'Enter'
    key.

    One of these should start Emacs.  Leave Emacs open, it can be
    useful later in the process.

  - If you're trying to install EventML under windows, you should have
    been provided a directory containing this INSTALL file, a bin
    directory, a lib directory, and a ui directory.

    These three directories should be in the same directory.  Let us
    called that directory DIR.

  - You then need to edit your .emacs file which, if it already exists
    should be located at the following location (or similar location):
      C:\Documents and Settings\username\

    If it doesn't exist, you can create it in Emacs.  In Emacs type
    'Control-x-f' (hold the 'Ctrl' key with one finger then press 'x'
    with another finger and then 'f', and then release the 'Ctrl'
    key).  You will see a prompter down at the bottom of the Emacs
    window prompting for a file name.  Just type '~/.emacs' (it does
    not matter if there is already the name of a file or the name of a
    directory in there, you don't have to erase anything.)

    Write the following lines in your .emacs file (replacing DIR by
    its value):
      (defvar eventml-repos "DIR")
      (load-file (expand-file-name "ui/eventml-config.el" eventml-repos))


    For example, using the Windows format, if DIR is:
      C:\Documents and Settings\user\EventML
    then replace DIR by (replace the backslashes by forward slashes):
      c:/Documents and Settings/user/EventML

  - You then need to create a temporary directory that EventML is
    going to use to store its temporary files (we will soon change
    that).  It has to be 'c:/tmp'.
